3/22/2019
    Established UpdateLog.  Should have done this sooner, but didn't think about it.
    Inserted crumpets and snow into update.json and bot.js
    Removed gronk

    Text below is from a legacy log.


TODO: Go back over the text, make it look cleaner.
    --TO CHECK: about, check, event, erule, event, eventinfo, help, patreon, patrequest, request, rules, support, ticket, todo, warn, website
    --FINISHED: NONE

TODO: Test functionality of event command... seems if I go to fast it fails to grab?
    UPDATE: Noticed a bug, it was grabbing one message above it.  Need to test functionality more.
    UPDATE: Adjusted deletion criteria, no longer deletes one message above.
    
TODO: !event to only accept who posted it
    UPDATE: currently only allowed in #events channel.  Can't figure out the proper method.
    UPDATE to the UPDATE: ^ makes sense since the BOT posts the text...
    UPDATE: Declutter the command, think of a better process for this?  Reactions?
    
TODO: Generate top list in points
    UPDATE: tried numerous sort methods, nothing seemed to work.
    
TODO: Check commands to ensure only Server Admin's can run certain commands.
    --TO CHECK: erule, eventinfo, help, patreon, patrequest, request, rules, support, ticket, todo, warn, website
    --FINISHED: about, check, event,

TODO: Create erule [#] command to edit rules easier.
TODO: Create nrule [#] to also add rules?

TODO: Create stafflist command to edit staff list easier?



DONE: Add in the timeout message to postevent. 
DONE: @here postevent
DONE: Any time someone posts something in the admin support channel, have the bot repond.
DONE: Due to "null" property roles, !member command was created to assign "member" role to all users.
DONE: When a user joins, automatically assign them "member" role.
DONE: #open-tickets and #closed-tickets channels, which will move tickets accordingly with only authorized reactions.
DONE: Establish update file for easy reconfiguration when we move to live discord.
DONE: Generate warning and check commands to track points on members.
DONE: Created color scale for !check command as a quick reference
DONE: Add post option to !event command
DONE: Corrected bug in !check
DONE: Added more "colorful" color scale for the point levels.
DONE: Undefined in !eventinfo